Are the following tables created upon plugin activation?

    1) wp_uwp_form_fields
    2) wp_uwp_form_extras
    3) wp_uwp_usermeta

Are the following pages created upon plugin activation?

    1) Register
    2) Login
    3) Account
    4) Forgot Password?
    5) Reset Password
    6) Change Password
    7) Profile
    8) Users

Are the pages contain the uwp shortcodes?

Are the pages assigned properly in General settings page?

Are the default form builder fields created?

Are the pages displayed properly in frontend?

Are the following pages not getting displayed when user LOGGED IN

    1) Register
    2) Login
    3) Forgot Password?
    4) Reset Password

Are the following pages not getting displayed when user NOT LOGGED IN

    1) Account
    2) Change Password

Are the following pages getting displayed for everyone?

    1) Profile
    2) Users

Is the wordpress menu page contains uwp menu section?

Are the menu items displayed properly?

Register:

    1) Is the default form works without any new custom fields?
    2) Test the form for the each Registration Action and make sure email notification works properly
          a) Auto Approve
          b) Auto Approve + Auto Login
          c) Require Email Activation
    3) Is the register redirect setting working correctly?
    4) Is the tos checkbox appears in form when page assigned and working properly?
    5) Create new custom fields and make sure its working.
    6) Bottom links like Login, Forgot pass linked correctly?
    7) Check all the validations are working with proper notice message.
    8) Make sure email notification works correctly for all notification shortcodes.

Login:

    1) Is the page displayed properly?
    2) Is the login page redirect setting working correctly?
    3) Is the login setting for wp-login.php block working correctly?
    4) Is the Logout redirect setting working correctly?
    5) Bottom links like Register, Forgot password linked correctly?

Forgot Password?

    1) Is the page displayed properly?
    2) Is the forgot password email working properly?
    3) Does it contain the correct reset link?
    4) Are all notice messages displaying properly?

Reset Password

    1) Does it displays the error message when the page get loaded directly.
    2) When clicking the reset link in forgot password email does it takes to the correct reset page and displays the reset form?
    3) Is the reset form working correctly?
    4) Are all notice messages displaying properly?

Account

    1) Is the account edit form working properly for default fields?
    2) Is the form working for new custom fields?
    3) Is the privacy tab appearing when "Let user decide" option selected for a field.
    4) Is the privacy setting working properly
    5) File upload field working correctly?
    6) Is the account form syncs properly with WordPress user fields on save?

Change Password

    1) is the change password page displayed properly?
    2) Is the form working correctly?
    3) Is the old password confirmation field appearing when enabled?
    4) Are all notice messages displaying properly?

Users:

    1) Are the users page displaying properly?
    2) Is the search working correctly?
    3) Are custom fields showing up when [users_page] selected in show in what locations?
    4) Check sorting is working properly.
    5) Check views are working properly.

Profile:

    1) Is the profile page setting section working correctly?
    2) Is the page displaying correctly?
    3) Is /profile redirect to /profile/username when loggedin
    4) Is the /author redirect to /profile
    5) Is the comment author links linking correctly to profile page
    6) Is banner upload working correctly?
    7) Is avatar upload working correctly?
    8) Are banner and avatar uploads comply with max file upload setting?
    9) Are all info about user displaying correctly?
    10)Check only posts and comments of current logged in users are displaying in respective tabs.

Check all email notifications and wildcards are displaying correct data in mail content.
Check GD settings are working properly if Geodirectory plugin is active.
Check all pages are responsive for all devices.
Check if any errors displaying when debug is enabled?
Check tools are working properly?
Check if uninstall removes all data if enabled from settings?